All right.
Welcome back my students so it's about time we add another cool little feature to our application.
And he's going to be a Gravatar.
All right.
So for those of you that don't know what a Gravatar is look it up.
I'm just joking.
You can see it right here Gravatar is an image that follows you from side to side appearing beside your
name when you do things like come in or post on a blog or forum whatever.
You have this little picture here what they do is you sign up for them and they're already signed up
so he's going to sign me in.
You know the name which they cannot touch say image to your e-mail.
And we're going to use the functionality in our application to the text.
This image from people.
And we're going to show it right in our application.
But now the cool thing about this is that you can also assign defaults to optional parameters.
So let's say using Let's just do a year using Gravatar And let's just do a little search right here
on my breast friend.
And if we go to the Wordpress code it's going to tell you exactly how to use it right.
Basically we're going to be using a MT five function to hash the email part of it.
The email part and then we're going to pass on parameters.
All right.
I get requests as you can see right here.
All right we can pass this size we can pass rating we can pass the fault there is better than commence
hashing out there
if you pool using Gravatar as well.
Lara Velle You can also get some documentation on that we're going to do it right now.
But
this is not it let's just do it right now are you going to see it arrive.
You can look it up in your time.
Right now it's about time we actually implement this.
So what we're going to be doing is we're going to go to our user model and we're going to create a new
function here or new method.
And this method is going to be what we're going to be doing is we're going to be at Sesi creating a
property that does not exist on our application.
That's a cool thing about Clarabelle allows us to do that.
So on this side we're going to do it.
We are going to be using that sensor basically.
Right.
Or a mutator functionality that I already show you.
So let's use Let's use Let's let's do that get Gravatar they just call it that actually view.
We don't have a column.
All right so we're going to create this column a fake column in our application right now.
I want you to pay very close attention.
We've already done something like this.
I'm going to call this hash and we could create we could make this a property up here if we wanted to
guys that's up to you but you're going to leave it as a variable.
We're going to use them.
The five function because that's how we get down to our.
And we're going to SDR
to where
this e-mail from the user.
All right.
We are also going to trim this.
Just in case.
So let's just add that here we are trimming this.
And as a matter of fact instead of doing this email we are going to do this tributes.
And then that's how we're going to create this
column.
And remember that we're using this convention get Dagget convention Gravatar actually view is going
to allow us to create a new column that does not exist called Gravatar.
All right so once we have that we can come here and we can say return on which a c h t t B.
And this is Gravatar Web site.
Gravatar there are a couple there friend you or else but this is the one we're going to be using.
I think is only one extra you are l different one.
But as long as you return in Gravatar that come forward slash Avatar something you're good to go.
All right.
We're going to return it with a hash like this.
There we go.
All right cool.
So now all we got to do.
Yes.
Let's go to our let's go to our application real quick.
We don't even have a slogan
.
You know I don't even remember what e-mail we have for this user.
Try this e-mail.
All right.
It's now that it's called and faculty then
there we go.
All right.
And we don't have any comments so we need to make a comment for appose.
Let's come here and let's just create a round and come in.
I love this pose of our javascript.
Right.
All right.
Your message has been submitting and waiting moderation.
Cool.
We need to create some type of link here that would take us to admin but I'm hoping that you already
know how to do that which is super simple guys or comments let's approve it.
View the comment real quick.
It's telling us Well that's because we have that link we need to update it with sleuth to look for slogger
.
All right.
So make sure that you have the linking of data controller.
Right.
If we have to to actually take those two way I think is the link only that we need to update there.
But anyway let's go to our polls right here.
And as you can see we have this picture already.
Because this is the user's picture.
But if we go to this graph Let's go to our post where is it polls view and let's see where this message
is being
displayed.
Right now we can see that right here this message is here.
So instead of this what we need to do is we need to grab the user a year.
And just like this Gravatar in a attribute type of way that's going to allow us to see that Gravatar
are-I user Gravatar.
All right cool.
So when I go back to your comment refresh and as you can see that's my Gravatar right there.
Bright cool stuff right.
And you can pass although the faults right here.
So let's go back to the user model here and I'm going to attach some parameter default equals and let's
say m m just in case well I don't think I don't know that's going to show because just in case my the
image they email is not available it will display a mystery man right.
That's what this M M stands for.
You can also come here and do an ampersand and pass in a size array.
If Widding have a responsive or an image size here for Avatar we can change the size of it.
All right there are many cool little features that you can go to the to the World War Breske coordinates
and find some more information.
There is a whole bunch of tutorials on Gravatar as well but I hope you're really excited because we
were able to pull this this Gravatar from the Gravatar dot com Web site.
Right.
By using this cool little functionality we were able to create a view on the fly and actually view a
column that does not exist right.
Basically right.
So really cool stuff with our guys.
I hope you're having a lot of fun.
Hope you enjoyed the course and I'll see you in the next.
Extra lectures.
Take care guys.